Privacy Policy
Terms

By Messaging Shark Trade, you are agreeing to be bound by this App’s Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws, and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or messaging Shark Trade. 

What information do we collect?

We also collect your call logs data and your phone numbers which is crucial to enable key CRM features like accurate logging and reporting of all business calls and mapping them with the right phone number in CRM and sending you WhatsApp notification for your follow-ups! 
  
What do we use your information for?

Call logs data: We use your call logs data for accurate logging and reporting of all business calls in CRM.

Other data:

1. To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)

2. To improve our Product
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)

3. To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)

4. To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

How do we protect your information?

We offer the use of a secure server. Your User Data uploaded remains yours. Shark Trade will not re-distribute, publish or disclose publicly any uploaded User Data unless required by law.

Shark Trade does not automatically review all User Data uploaded to the platform, but has the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any User Data that is available via the Service.

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Facebook Integration Privacy Policy



Third-party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Children Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.

Online Privacy Policy Only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through whatsapp and not to information collected offline.

Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.

Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://sharktradebom.co.il
shark trade
natanya
Israel



These conditions shall be governed by and construed and take effect in accordance with the laws of Israel. You agree that for any action or proceeding to be brought by you, the courts and tribunals at tel-aviv in Israel shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims which may arise out of or in connection with this agreement.
